initial commit of issue templates (#2)
expressjs/.github: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/1question.md

---
name: Question
about: Seeking help or have a question about usage?
labels: question
---

<!-- We can't debug your app for you, but you can ask questions and we will try to answer them.

You can also ask a question in the Node.js Slack community's #express-js channel:

> * Slack invite form: http://www.nodeslackers.com/invite

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Slack invite form: https://openjsf.org/collaboration
```

> * #express-js channel: https://node-js.slack.com/archives/C0L827VV4

Reviewer: We should change this to the OpenJS Slack.

> It is super important that you paste in samples of your code (please avoid screenshots of code)!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is super important that you paste in samples of your code (no screenshots of code, [use markdown](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/working-with-advanced-formatting/creating-and-highlighting-code-blocks))!
```

I feel like we should auto close anything which is a screenshot of code. And by linking here we help educate folks who might not know.
